README.md, before:

# CSCI 3130 - Software Engineering (Summer 2022)



* Date Created: 2022 07 07
* Date Modified: 2022 07 07


# Team



* Team Name: Group 15
* Team Members:
* (B00856552) | Tariq Ferwa | fr830827@dal.ca
* (B00843752) | Katie Arsenault | kt514867@dal.ca
* (B00752864) | Taylor MacIntyre | ty452018@dal.ca
* (B00861127) | Kairui Liang | kr495028@dal.ca
* (B00831244) | Yuejia Zhang | yj998768@dal.ca


# Project



* Project Name: Trello Application
* Project Description: A web based trello application clone build using ReactJS and Spring Boot
* Inception Year: 2022


# Links



* [https://git.cs.dal.ca/courses/2022-summer/csci-3130/projects/group15/-/tree/main](https://git.cs.dal.ca/courses/2022-summer/csci-3130/projects/group15/-/tree/main) 


# Citations

Formik for password validation

Date accessed: June 24, 2022

URL: [https://formik.org/docs/overview](https://formik.org/docs/overview) 

Yup-password for password validation

Date accessed: June 24, 2022

URL: [https://www.npmjs.com/package/yup-password](https://www.npmjs.com/package/yup-password) 

Yup for password validation

Date accessed: June 24, 2022

URL: [https://formik.org/docs/tutorial](https://formik.org/docs/tutorial) 

Material UI for styling

Date accessed: June 23, 2022

URL: https://mui.com/ 

Mockito for mocking the repository

Date accessed: June 25th, 2022

URL: [https://site.mockito.org/](https://site.mockito.org/)

The start code for board and workspace front end is from the react tutorial 2 section.

Date accessed: June 23th, 2022

URL: [https://git.cs.dal.ca/dashah/csci3130_s22_reacttutorialdemo.git](https://git.cs.dal.ca/dashah/csci3130_s22_reacttutorialdemo.git) 

The starter code for user management front end has been adapted from the React Basics and User Authentication Demo

Date accessed: June 22, 2022

URL: [https://dal.brightspace.com/d2l/le/content/221735/viewContent/3048848/View](https://dal.brightspace.com/d2l/le/content/221735/viewContent/3048848/View) 

Syntax for Hash Mapping to connect front and back end adapted from a resource provided by the TA

Date accessed: June 29, 2022

URL: [https://stackoverflow.com/questions/44839753/returning-json-object-as-response-in-spring-boot](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/44839753/returning-json-object-as-response-in-spring-boot) 

The starter code for users, boards, and workspaces in the backend was taken from both the  Spring-Boot-Backend tutorial video and the in class Sprint tutorial collab-recording

Ongoing access starting from date: June 16th 2022

URL-1: [https://dal.brightspace.com/d2l/le/content/221735/viewContent/3045067/View](https://dal.brightspace.com/d2l/le/content/221735/viewContent/3045067/View)

URL-2: [https://dal.brightspace.com/d2l/le/content/221735/viewContent/3046718/View](https://dal.brightspace.com/d2l/le/content/221735/viewContent/3046718/View)


The week code section of the getTaskWithDate function in TaskService was referenced from the link below

Date accessed: 15th July 2022 

URL: [https://stackoverflow.com/questions/26012434/get-week-number-of-localdate-java-8](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/26012434/get-week-number-of-localdate-java-8)



# Frontend


# Prerequisites



* npm: 8.5.5 
* node: 16.15
* Download an IDE that runs javascript and node.js (VS Code is a good choice)


# Installation



* npm install (cd to FrontEnd/group-project first) - this installs the node_modules which are not pushed to git


# Running the Frontend



* npm run start (cd to FrontEnd/group-project first)
* Ensure you’re running the front end on localhost: 3000 as that is the port that the back end is listening to


# Backend


# Prerequisites



* Download an IDE of your choice.. 
    * Note: VS Code allows you to run both frontend and back end at the same time, instead of running frontend on VS code and backend on another IDE,
* Connection to remote database
* JDK 17
* Maven 4.0.0  


# Installation



* When opening backend in IDE, ensure you have the correct JDK and maven versions


# Running the Backend



* Connect to remote database using
    * username: csci3130_group15
    * password:EeSo5eiyoh
* Locate and run the TrelloProjectApplication.java file


# Instructor



* [Dr. Tushar Sharma | tushar@dal.ca](tushar@dal.ca)


# Teaching Assistant



* Rushi Patel | rs397441@dal.ca

Commit message:

updated README to add JPA repository citation

README.md, after:

# CSCI 3130 - Software Engineering (Summer 2022)



* Date Created: 2022 07 07
* Date Modified: 2022 07 07


# Team



* Team Name: Group 15
* Team Members:
* (B00856552) | Tariq Ferwa | fr830827@dal.ca
* (B00843752) | Katie Arsenault | kt514867@dal.ca
* (B00752864) | Taylor MacIntyre | ty452018@dal.ca
* (B00861127) | Kairui Liang | kr495028@dal.ca
* (B00831244) | Yuejia Zhang | yj998768@dal.ca


# Project



* Project Name: Trello Application
* Project Description: A web based trello application clone build using ReactJS and Spring Boot
* Inception Year: 2022


# Links



* [https://git.cs.dal.ca/courses/2022-summer/csci-3130/projects/group15/-/tree/main](https://git.cs.dal.ca/courses/2022-summer/csci-3130/projects/group15/-/tree/main) 


# Citations

Formik for password validation

Date accessed: June 24, 2022

URL: [https://formik.org/docs/overview](https://formik.org/docs/overview) 

Yup-password for password validation

Date accessed: June 24, 2022

URL: [https://www.npmjs.com/package/yup-password](https://www.npmjs.com/package/yup-password) 

Yup for password validation

Date accessed: June 24, 2022

URL: [https://formik.org/docs/tutorial](https://formik.org/docs/tutorial) 

Material UI for styling

Date accessed: June 23, 2022

URL: https://mui.com/ 

Mockito for mocking the repository

Date accessed: June 25th, 2022

URL: [https://site.mockito.org/](https://site.mockito.org/)

The start code for board and workspace front end is from the react tutorial 2 section.

Date accessed: June 23th, 2022

URL: [https://git.cs.dal.ca/dashah/csci3130_s22_reacttutorialdemo.git](https://git.cs.dal.ca/dashah/csci3130_s22_reacttutorialdemo.git) 

The starter code for user management front end has been adapted from the React Basics and User Authentication Demo

Date accessed: June 22, 2022

URL: [https://dal.brightspace.com/d2l/le/content/221735/viewContent/3048848/View](https://dal.brightspace.com/d2l/le/content/221735/viewContent/3048848/View) 

Syntax for Hash Mapping to connect front and back end adapted from a resource provided by the TA

Date accessed: June 29, 2022

URL: [https://stackoverflow.com/questions/44839753/returning-json-object-as-response-in-spring-boot](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/44839753/returning-json-object-as-response-in-spring-boot) 

The starter code for users, boards, and workspaces in the backend was taken from both the  Spring-Boot-Backend tutorial video and the in class Sprint tutorial collab-recording

Ongoing access starting from date: June 16th 2022

URL-1: [https://dal.brightspace.com/d2l/le/content/221735/viewContent/3045067/View](https://dal.brightspace.com/d2l/le/content/221735/viewContent/3045067/View)

URL-2: [https://dal.brightspace.com/d2l/le/content/221735/viewContent/3046718/View](https://dal.brightspace.com/d2l/le/content/221735/viewContent/3046718/View)


The week code section of the getTaskWithDate function in TaskService was referenced from the link below

Date accessed: 15th July 2022 

URL: [https://stackoverflow.com/questions/26012434/get-week-number-of-localdate-java-8](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/26012434/get-week-number-of-localdate-java-8)

The syntax to write the native query in the TaskRepository class came from following website:

Date Accessed: July 17th 2022

URL: [https://www.baeldung.com/spring-data-jpa-query](https://www.baeldung.com/spring-data-jpa-query)

# Frontend


# Prerequisites



* npm: 8.5.5 
* node: 16.15
* Download an IDE that runs javascript and node.js (VS Code is a good choice)


# Installation



* npm install (cd to FrontEnd/group-project first) - this installs the node_modules which are not pushed to git


# Running the Frontend



* npm run start (cd to FrontEnd/group-project first)
* Ensure you’re running the front end on localhost: 3000 as that is the port that the back end is listening to


# Backend


# Prerequisites



* Download an IDE of your choice.. 
    * Note: VS Code allows you to run both frontend and back end at the same time, instead of running frontend on VS code and backend on another IDE,
* Connection to remote database
* JDK 17
* Maven 4.0.0  


# Installation



* When opening backend in IDE, ensure you have the correct JDK and maven versions


# Running the Backend



* Connect to remote database using
    * username: csci3130_group15
    * password:EeSo5eiyoh
* Locate and run the TrelloProjectApplication.java file


# Instructor



* [Dr. Tushar Sharma | tushar@dal.ca](tushar@dal.ca)


# Teaching Assistant



* Rushi Patel | rs397441@dal.ca
